TASK

Fix the Windows UAC behavior for the packaged Electron app.

Current problem:
The app currently prompts for admin permission every single time the user launches it.

That is not acceptable.

This must be changed so the app launches normally without UAC, and only specific privileged actions trigger elevation when needed.

GOAL

Change the packaged app so:

1. Opening the app does NOT show a UAC prompt
2. The app runs as a normal standard user process
3. Only privileged actions trigger UAC when the user clicks them
4. If the user cancels UAC, the app stays stable and shows a clean error
5. No privileged action runs automatically at startup

REQUIRED CHANGES

1. Fix electron-builder config

Find the Windows packaging config and change:

"requestedExecutionLevel": "requireAdministrator"

to:

"requestedExecutionLevel": "asInvoker"

Audit all possible packaging locations and make sure there is no remaining force-admin config anywhere:
- electron-builder.json
- package.json build section
- custom NSIS config
- any manifest override
- any extra metadata that forces admin

The final packaged exe must NOT require admin just to open.

2. Audit startup for accidental privileged calls

Check startup flow and confirm that no admin-only actions run automatically during app launch.

Verify that these do not run on startup:
- tweak execution
- network tweak execution
- power plan changes
- focus mode apply
- elevated PowerShell helpers
- any admin-only backend setup

If anything privileged is running automatically at startup, remove that behavior.

3. Keep privileged actions as action-only elevation

The app should stay non-admin.

Only individual privileged actions should elevate when the user explicitly triggers them.

Use the existing executor pattern where possible:
- tweak-executor.js
- network-tweak-executor.js
- nic-executor.js
- any power-plan executor
- focus helper only if relevant to elevation flow

Do NOT make the whole app admin.
Do NOT reintroduce startup elevation through another path.

4. UAC cancel handling

If a user clicks a privileged action and cancels the UAC prompt:
- do not crash
- do not freeze
- do not leave the toggle stuck in the wrong state
- return a clean error message like:
  "Admin permission was canceled. No system changes were made."

5. Verification

Build a fresh packaged installer and test the actual installer build.

Required proof:
1. Install app
2. Launch app normally
3. Confirm no UAC prompt appears on launch
4. Trigger a privileged action manually
5. Confirm UAC appears only for that action
6. Cancel UAC
7. Confirm app remains stable and UI does not break
8. Confirm successful privileged action still works when UAC is accepted

RETURN FORMAT

Return:
1. exact config file changed
2. exact old value
3. exact new value
4. confirmation that no startup path still forces elevation
5. confirmation from packaged-build test that app opens with no UAC prompt
6. confirmation that privileged actions still elevate correctly when clicked
