Replit instructions
You must make the downloaded ZIP run Electron on Windows with these commands:
npm install
npm run build
npm run electron:dev
npm run electron:build
Do not add any extra features. Only make it run.
1) Replace root package.json scripts and main entry
Open root package.json and make these changes:
A) Add this field at the top level (root):
"main": "electron/main.js"
B) Ensure the "scripts" object includes these exact entries:
"electron:dev": "cross-env NODE_ENV=development electron ."
"electron:build": "npm run build && electron-builder"
Do not remove existing scripts.
After editing, output the FULL contents of root package.json.
2) Fix ESM vs CommonJS so Electron can actually start
Your root package.json has "type": "module". That can break Electron main if it uses require.
Do ONE of these two options (pick the minimal one that matches the current electron code):
Option A (preferred):
Create a file electron/package.json with:
{ "type": "commonjs" }
Option B:
Rename electron/main.js to electron/main.cjs
Update root package.json "main" to "electron/main.cjs"
Choose whichever makes Electron start without changing logic.
Output the FULL contents of any file you create or change.
3) Electron main must load Vite in dev and dist in prod
Verify electron/main.(js|cjs) does ALL of this:
In development: loads the Vite dev server URL used by this project.
This project runs Vite on port 5000, so it must load:
http://localhost:5000
In production: loads the built file:
dist/public/index.html
If it does not, fix it.
Output FULL contents of electron/main.(js|cjs).
4) Electron builder icons must exist in the ZIP
Verify these exist in the repo:
build/icon.ico (required)
build/icon.png (ok)
build/icon-512.png (ok)
Verify electron-builder.json points to build/icon.ico for:
win.icon
nsis.installerIcon
nsis.uninstallerIcon
nsis.installerHeaderIcon
If anything is missing, create or fix it. Do not invent a new logo. Use the existing logo file already in the project.
Output FULL contents of electron-builder.json.
5) Final output format
Reply ONLY with:
FILES TO REPLACE (full contents)
FILES TO CREATE (full contents)
FILES TO DELETE (exact paths)
WINDOWS POWERSHELL COMMANDS (must be correct PowerShell)
VERIFICATION CHECKLIST
No extra text.